Add finance roles (#69)
hyphacoop/handbook: roles.md

**Table of Contents**
- [Cultivator](#cultivator-aka-meeting-chair)
- [Finance (External)](#finance-external)

> - [Finance (Internal)](#finance-internal)

Author: @hyphacoop/member-owners anyone has better names for these?

Reviewer: Accounts Payable/Receivable (Bookkeeper? Analyst? Auditor?)
Payroll Coordinator

Author: Permaculture themed ones? 😄

Author: Finance (External) -> Financial Resource Coordinator
Finance (Internal) -> Worker Caretaker

Reviewer: These feel pretty confusing/not informative of what they do (nor really capturing the permaculture/mycology spirit?) 

Can we bring a hsortlist fo the all hands and aim to get feedback there?

Author: Finance set a deadline to sort these names by weekend, so I am going with `Finance Steward` and `Payroll Coordinator`. We can make future revisions as needed. Don't think it's worthwhile to bring the naming into all hands.

    - move balances across our internal accounts for amounts > CAD$10,000
    - move balances outside of our internal accounts for any reason and amount
    - make non-routine adjustments to our financial accounts, records, and projections
    - submit our annual tax return
- permission of project lead needed to:
	- alter or send an invoice to a client

**Time Budget:** Up to 2h/week.

**Term:** 6 mo, with renewal. Max 2 terms.

### Finance (Internal)

**Parent WG:** Finance

**Aim:** Fulfill financial responsibilities to employees and contractors, and adhere to associated legal and tax obligations.

**Tasks:**
- run payroll for each pay period
	- [verify timesheets](https://handbook.hypha.coop/guides.html#timesheets)
	- [approve reimbursement of expenses](https://handbook.hypha.coop/guides.html#expense-reimbursement)
	- [prepare payroll](https://handbook.hypha.coop/guides.html#running-payroll)
	- ensure payroll taxes are remitted, manually file a nil remittance if a pay period is skipped
	- archive [Employee Payroll sheet](http://link.hypha.coop/payroll) and [processed payroll records](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1wWo9KqNwWdUK5d-jkApV3id_Y_dpftT9)

> - [onboard employees and contractors](https://handbook.hypha.coop/guides.html#onboarding-checklist), keeping appropriate records

Reviewer: Don't think this should be a task for finance. There is only a small part that is finance

Author: ```suggestion
- assist Operations WG in [employee and contractor onboarding](https://handbook.hypha.coop/guides.html#onboarding-checklist) and keep appropriate records
```

- adhere to legal requirements around [keeping records](https://www.canada.ca/en/revenue-agency/services/tax/businesses/topics/keeping-records.html) and [handling of Social Insurance Number](https://www.canada.ca/en/employment-social-development/services/sin/reports/code-of-practice/section-3.html), and [our sensitive data practices](https://handbook.hypha.coop/guides.html#sensitive-data)

**Authority:**

> - access to sensitive data on employee records

Reviewer 2: We define authority for `external` to move money but done define it for `internal`

Perhaps specify authority is inherited from external? Is there anything in external we don't want to put on internal?

Additionally to the external role authorities
If TransferWise for example has a balance of > 10,000 and we need to move it into the main operating account. 
```suggestion
- all authorities granted to Finance (Internal)
- move balances into the main operating account greater the $10,000
- access to sensitive data on employee records
```
```

Author: I specifically want only the external role to move money, so there will not be a case where two ppl are moving money without talking. If internal person needs to move money, aside from payroll, they need to ask the WG.
